the Israeli military has rescued a
52-year-old man who'd been held hostage
by Hamas in Gaza since last October K
Haan aladi an Arab Israeli had been
working as a guard at a warehouse when
he was abducted he's now recovering in
hospital and has been reunited with his
family here's our Middle East
correspondent Lucy
Williamson surrounded Again by sunlight
by the sound of Hebrew farahan alcad a
52-year-old B Israeli snatching a second
chance at
life crouched on the floor of a military
helicopter after
326 days in captivity a smile the start
of his journey back
home at Israel's Saka hospital his last
few moments in hiding a wall of Israeli
soldiers shielding him from the world he
left 10 months ago from a tunnel in Gaza
to an Israeli ambulance in a couple of
hours his family racing the last few
meters to greet
him thin and pale but staff said in a
good and stable
Condition it's difficult to explain how
it feels it's better than having a
newborn we thank God and we thank
everyone and hope to see him healthy
we're very happy very happy
Israel's prime minister called to
welcome him home Keen to be part of his
release we cannot go into many details
of this special operation but I can
share that Israeli Commandos rescued K
Farhan eladi from an underground tunnel
following accurate intelligence the Army
has described this as a complex
operation based on precise intelligence
but there are persistent reports here of
a more nuanced story even that farahan
aladi may have escaped his captors
himself tonight a senior military
official confirmed that troops had found
him in a tunnel
alone last week Israel brought back the
bodies of six other hostages the funeral
of one Kim Perry was held in Israel
today the joy of one family and the
grief of another a trickle of hostages
returning as more more than a hundred
others and a ceasefire deal remain
stubbornly Out Of Reach Lucy Williamson
BBC News sraa hospital Southern Israel